[IMP] surveys:update get started docs (#2534)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/marketing/surveys/overview/create.rst

First, select the :guilabel:`Layout` of the survey. The following options can be chosen:

- :guilabel:`One page with all the questions`
- :guilabel:`One page per section`
- :guilabel:`One page per question`

If either the :guilabel:`One page per section` or :guilabel:`One page per question` options are
chosen, then the :guilabel:`Back Button` option appears. If selected, the :guilabel:`Back Button`
option allows the participant to go back to a question during the survey.

Under the :guilabel:`Layout` options is the :guilabel:`Progression Mode` setting, which indicates
how the participant's progress during the survey is displayed. It is shown as either a
:guilabel:`Percentage` or a :guilabel:`Number`.

Next, there is an option available to add a :guilabel:`Survey Time Limit`. To implement this
option, simply check the box, and enter the amount of time (in minutes) participants have to
complete the survey.

After the :guilabel:`Survey Time Limit` option is a section labeled :guilabel:`Selection`. Here,
questions can be :guilabel:`Randomized per section`, in other words, the number of random questions
can be configured by section. This mode is ignored in a live session.

.. seealso::

>     - :doc:`time_random`

Reviewer: This doesn't need to be a list.
```suggestion
   :doc:`time_random`
```

survey, like a normal participant, to check for errors.

To return to the survey template form in the backend, simply click the :guilabel:`This is a test
survey. Edit Survey` link in the blue banner along the top of the page. Once Odoo redirects the
page to the survey template in the backend, make any further changes, as needed, before officially
sending the survey out to participants.

When the survey is ready to be shared with the audience, click the :guilabel:`Start Survey` button
in the upper-left corner of the survey template form. Then, click :guilabel:`Share`.

In the pop-up window, add the survey recipients in the :guilabel:`Recipients` field (for existing
contacts in the Odoo database) or the :guilabel:`Additional emails` field (for contacts that do not
want to be listed in the Odoo database). Finally, click :guilabel:`Send`.

As answers are received, check them by clicking the :guilabel:`Answers` smart button on the survey
template form, or the :guilabel:`See Results` button in the upper left corner. To end the survey,
click the :guilabel:`Close` button on the survey template form.

.. seealso::
    - :doc:`scoring`

>     - :doc:`time_random`

Reviewer: Why? This list was [correctly indented](https://www.odoo.com/documentation/master/contributing/documentation/rst_guidelines.html#be-consistent-with-indentation) before your change.

The same applies to the other lists on the page.

=================

Companies often use surveys to collect valuable information from their customers and/or employees,
which in turn, they use to make more informed business decisions.

Surveys can be used for a number of different purposes. They can be used to collect customer
feedback, evaluate the success of a recent event, measure the satisfaction of customers (or
employees), learn what the market is *really* thinking, and so much more.

Getting started
===============

To begin, open the :guilabel:`Surveys` application and click :guilabel:`Create` on the
:guilabel:`Surveys` dashboard.

Odoo redirects the page to a blank survey template form.

First, choose a :guilabel:`Survey Title` for the survey. Next, add a cover image to the survey by
hovering over the photo icon and clicking on the pencil icon. Then, the file explorer will open and
the user can choose an image from their files. However, choosing an image is not required.

Below the :guilabel:`Survey Title` are various tabs in which the survey questions and format can be
created, customized, and configured. These tabs are labeled as follows: :guilabel:`Questions`,
:guilabel:`Description`, and :guilabel:`Options`.

> .. image:: create/questions-description-options.png

Reviewer 2: This image looks fuzzy. Try retaking it please.

   :align: center
   :alt: Various tabs that can be found on the survey template page.

Questions tab
=============

> Add questions and sections to the survey in the :guilabel:`Questions` tab. A section will divide
> the survey into parts; to make one, simply click :guilabel:`Add a section` and type in a section
> name. Then, add questions or drag and drop questions into the divided sections.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add questions and sections to the survey in the :guilabel:`Questions` tab. A section divides the
survey into parts; to make one, click :guilabel:`Add a section` and type in a section name. Then,
add questions or drag and drop questions into the divided sections.
```

Clicking :guilabel:`Add a question` opens the :guilabel:`Create Sections and Questions` pop-up to
create and customize the survey question.

> .. image:: create/survey-question-pop-up.png

Reviewer 2: The width of this image needs to be cropped a little more. It's currently at a width of 975px, we need it to be 768px or less.

   :align: center
   :alt: The survey question pop-up window.

Create questions
----------------

In the :guilabel:`Create Sections and Questions` pop-up, type the question in the
:guilabel:`Question` field.

After the question has been written in the :guilabel:`Question` field, choose the
:guilabel:`Question Type`. A preview of the question type is shown in the window as well.

Choose from the following :guilabel:`Question Types`:

- :guilabel:`Multiple Lines Text Box`
- :guilabel:`Single Line Text Box`
- :guilabel:`Numerical Value`
- :guilabel:`Date`
- :guilabel:`Datetime`
- :guilabel:`Multiple choice: only one answer`
- :guilabel:`Multiple choice: multiple answers allowed`
- :guilabel:`Matrix`

.. note::

>    Different features will appear in the :guilabel:`Answers` and :guilabel:`Options` tabs,
>    depending on the :guilabel:`Question Type` chosen. However, the :guilabel:`Description` tab
>    will always remain the same, regardless of what question is chosen.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Different features appear in the :guilabel:`Answers` and :guilabel:`Options` tabs, depending on
   the :guilabel:`Question Type` chosen. However, the :guilabel:`Description` tab always remains the
   same, regardless of what question is chosen.
```

> Create Sections and Questions

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Create sections and questions
```

Scoring
-------

In the :guilabel:`Scoring` section, decide how the survey should be scored.

The following options can be chosen:

- :guilabel:`No scoring`
- :guilabel:`Scoring with answers at the end`
- :guilabel:`Scoring without answers at the end`

If either the :guilabel:`Scoring with answers at the end` or :guilabel:`Scoring without answers at
the end` options are selected then a :guilabel:`Success %` field will appear. Set the percentage of
correct answers needed to pass the survey.

Next, there is the option to make the survey a certification. To do so, check the box next to the
option labeled :guilabel:`Is a Certification`," and two additional fields will appear.

A color theme can be selected in the :guilabel:`Certification Template` field and an
:guilabel:`Email Template` can be chosen. When someone passes the certification with the required
score an email will automatically be sent to that person using the selected email template.

The survey participant can also receive a badge upon passing the certification if the
:guilabel:`Give Badge` feature is enabled and the :guilabel:`Certification Badge` is set.

.. seealso::
    - :doc:`scoring`

Candidates
----------

> In the :guilabel:`Candidates` section, access to the survey can be managed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Manage access to the survey in the :guilabel:`Candidates` section.
```

   :align: center
   :alt: The back-end view of how the survey description looks.

Here's what the survey description looks like on the front end of the website:

.. image:: create/front-end-description.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The front-end view of how the survey description looks.

Test & share the survey
=======================

Once everything is created and saved, the survey can be tested to check for possible errors before
sending it out to the participants.

To do that, simply click :guilabel:`Test` in the upper left corner of the survey template page.

.. image:: create/test-survey-button.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Test button on the survey template form.

When clicked, Odoo redirects the page to a test version of the survey on the front end of the
website, this page displays how the survey will look to participants. Proceed to run through the
survey, like a normal participant, and check for errors.

To return to the survey template form in the backend, simply click the :guilabel:`This is a test
survey. Edit Survey` link in the blue banner along the top of the page.

.. image:: create/blue-banner-test.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: The blue banner on the test survey with the edit link.

Reviewer 2: This image can be deleted to get the image count down for this user doc.

> Once Odoo redirects the page to the survey template in the backend; make any necessary changes

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once Odoo redirects the page to the survey template in the backend, make any necessary changes
```

Survey essentials
=================

Companies often use surveys to collect valuable information from their customers and/or employees,
which in turn, they use to make more informed business decisions.

Surveys can be used for a number of different purposes. They can be used to collect customer
feedback, evaluate the success of a recent event, measure the satisfaction of customers (or
employees), learn what the market is *really* thinking, and so much more.

Getting started
===============

To begin, click :guilabel:`Create` on the :guilabel:`Surveys` dashboard.

Odoo redirects the page to a blank survey template form. 

First, choose a :guilabel:`title` for the survey. Next, add a cover image to the survey by clicking
the :guilabel:`photo icon`. However, choosing a photo is not required.

.. image:: create/title-photo-icon.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Survey title field and upload photo icon.

Below the :guilabel:`title` is an option to assign the responsibility of the survey to a user in
the database. Next, are various tabs in which the survey can be created, customized, and
configured. These tabs are labeled as follows: :guilabel:`Questions`, :guilabel:`Options`,

> :guilabel:`Description`, and :guilabel:`End Message`.

Author: Great catch. And, since the image its referring to was just replaced, I left this screenshot alone, and kept the updated version of the "questions-description-options.png" image.

> .. image:: create/questions-description-options.png

Author: Gotcha. So, I deleted the original image, appropriately renamed the new screenshot your provided in the link above, and placed it in the proper create image folder. I did not, however, run the "git rm -imagepath..." command, as I figured this was replacing an image (with the same name), and not deleting it entirely. If you think that was done in error, please feel free to let me know, and I'll do my best to remedy the situation. Thanks!

> .. image:: create/questions-description-options.png

Reviewer 2: Hi @ksc-odoo!

So the original image would still need to be deleted using `git rm file-path` in order for Git to officially "recognize" the deletion. We can't right-click on the image file and click "Delete."

If you deleted the original image by right-clicking on the file and clicking "Delete," try to undo (CTRL + Z) until the original image is back in the folder. Then, follow the steps below:

1. Copy the original image file path.
2. On the terminal, run `git rm file-path`
3. Move the new image file into the folder.
4. On the terminal, run `git add .`

Back on the main survey template form, under the :guilabel:`Options` tab, there are different
sections of settings that can be modified.

The sections include:

- :guilabel:`Questions`
- :guilabel:`Time & Scoring`
- :guilabel:`Participants`
- :guilabel:`Live Session`

.. image:: create/survey-options-tab.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Options tab on survey template form.

Questions
---------

This section primarily focuses on the overall presentation of your survey.

First, select the :guilabel:`Pagination` or the layout of the survey. The following options can be
chosen:

- :guilabel:`One page with all the questions`
- :guilabel:`One page per section`
- :guilabel:`One page per question`

Should either :guilabel:`One page per section` or :guilabel:`One page per question` options be
chosen then a section called :guilabel:`Display Progress as` will populate. It indicates how to
display the participant's progress during the survey. 

It can be shown as either a :guilabel:`Percentage left` or a :guilabel:`Number`.

After the :guilabel:`Display Progress as` option is a section labeled
:guilabel:`Question Selection`. Here questions can be randomized per section, in other words the

> number of random questions can be configured by section. This mode is ignored in a live session.

Author: To my knowledge, "Randomized per section" means that, when the survey is segmented into sections (i.e. "General Info" w/ 4 questions), EACH SECTION'S questions will be randomized. The order of sections remain the same, but the order of questions will be randomized, I believe.

> number of random questions can be configured by section. This mode is ignored in a live session.

Reviewer 2: Got it! I would rewrite `...in other words, the number of random questions can be configured by section.` to better reflect that all the questions will be there, but the order of the questions will be randomized.
